Transaction Send multisign support (#677)
onflow/flow-cli: docs/send-transactions.md

Specify the name of the account that will be used to sign the transaction.

### Proposer

- Flag: `--proposer`
- Valid inputs: the name of an account defined in the configuration (`flow.json`)

Specify the name of the account that will be used as proposer in the transaction.

### Payer

- Flag: `--payer`
- Valid inputs: the name of an account defined in the configuration (`flow.json`)

Specify the name of the account that will be used as payer in the transaction.

### Authorizer

- Flag: `--authorizer`

> - Valid inputs: the name of an account defined in the configuration (`flow.json`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Valid inputs: the name of a single or multiple comma-separated accounts defined in the configuration (`flow.json`)
```
